The Sun (Sun, Luo: Sol) is one of the fixed stars in our galaxy (the Milky Way Galaxy). It is the physical center of the solar system, including the human-inhabited Earth, and accounts for 99.86% of the total mass of the solar system, exerting a gravitational influence on all bodies in the solar system. The Sun is one of the common main-sequence stars in the galaxy to which it belongs, and its spectral type is G2V (golden). With an estimated age of about 4.6 billion years, it is thought to have used about 50% of the hydrogen in its core through thermonuclear fusion and to be halfway through the period of its existence as a main-sequence star. Since the Sun is the central star of the solar system, the central star of any planetary system is sometimes referred to figuratively as “the Sun”.
Earth (Chikyu: Earth, Terra: Terra) is a celestial body on which many life forms, including humans, live. It is one of the planets in the Solar System. It is the third closest planet to the Sun and is characterized by a large amount of water on its surface and oxygen in its air, as well as a wide variety of life forms.
Venus (Latin: Venus , English: Venus ) is the second planet in the Solar System from closest to the Sun. It is also the planet with the closest orbit to Earth. It is sometimes described as “Earth's sister planet” because it is an Earth-like planet and the most Earth-like in size and average density in the solar system. It also has the closest orbit to a perfect circle among the planets in the solar system. Venus can be observed only at dawn and dusk from the Earth, and is the brightest star after the Sun and Moon, so it is called the “morning star” when seen at dawn and the “evening star” when seen in the evening.
Europa (Jupiter II Europa) is Jupiter's second satellite, orbiting in the sixth inner orbit of all satellites discovered up to 2007. It is named after Europe, the Tyrrhic princess with whom Zeus fell in love in Greek mythology, and is the Latin form of the name. It is also spelled Europa from the English reading. There is also an asteroid (52) Europa with the same name. This satellite was discovered by Galileo Galilei and is therefore called the Galilean satellite together with Io, Ganymede, and Callisto. It is a relatively bright satellite and can be observed with binoculars.